# options

# OPTIONS/kdebug                        optional kdebug
OPTIONS/audit				optional audit
OPTIONS/config_macf			optional config_macf
OPTIONS/config_macf_socket_subset	optional config_macf_socket_subset
OPTIONS/config_fse			optional config_fse

# security

security/mac_audit.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_base.c					standard
security/mac_data.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_label.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_necp.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_process.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_vfs.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_vfs_subr.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_skywalk.c					optional config_macf skywalk
security/mac_system.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_sem.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_shm.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_msg.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_posix_sem.c				optional config_macf
security/mac_posix_shm.c				optional config_macf
security/mac_socket.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_pipe.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_iokit.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_file.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_priv.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_pty.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_kext.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_mach.c					optional config_macf
